[Spinner] Fix not being read by screen readers (#2176)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/Spinner/README.md

---

## Accessibility

<!-- content-for: web -->

> SVGs after often displayed inconsistently. The `Spinner` components accessibility is highly contextual. When the parent component is focusable you'll need to set the `hasFocusableParent` prop for the appropriate `role` attribute to be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SVGs after often displayed inconsistently. The `Spinner` components accessibility is highly contextual. When the parent component is focusable you’ll need to set the `hasFocusableParent` prop for the appropriate `role` attribute to be applied.
```

Reviewer 2: @kaelig I think this is a typo.

@AndrewMusgrave What about something like:

```
SVGs are often conveyed inconsistently to assistive technologies. The `Spinner` component's accessibility is also highly contextual. When the parent component is focusable, you'll need to set the `hasFocusableParent` prop for the appropriate `role` attribute to be applied.
```

We can also include this in an accessibility section in the doc, to also provide some context for `role="status"`.

Author: Yup it was just a typo 😄
